===== Membership in the Open Grid Forum =====


Leading business, government, scientific and academic organizations
from around the world join OGF to help accelerate the adoption of
grids. Organizational members are critical contributors to the success
of our mission through funding and the active participation of their
employees and affiliates. Working together, we share information,
prioritize requirements, develop standards and best practices, and
champion the application and adoption of grid worldwide. 

OGF offers the opportunity to contribute to, and benefit from,
activities that can only be accomplished at a collective, industry
level: OGF is the primary organization that brings together the
international grid community to develop standards which lead to
interoperable products and software OGF hosts global events for
information sharing, education, and collaborative problem solving OGF
documents the collective best practices of the community to provide
answers to today's deployment issues and problems OGF outreaches to
other standards development organizations, affiliates, partners,
press, analysts and the greater distributed community to clarify the
role of grid as a key enabler for the 21st century knowledge economy
The OGF Organizational Membership Program encourages members to
participate, collaborate, and contribute to the success of our shared
mission. There are 3-tiers to the program - Platinum, Gold and Silver.
Each tier provides benefits commensurate with financial contribution.
All tiers provide the following general benefits for participating
organizations. 

**INFLUENCE :** On Directions & Priorities Organizational members have
a unique opportunity to influence the directions and priorities of
OGF, ranging from participation in leadership positions to active
contributions in group and committee activities. This provides a
tremendous resource to understanding and influencing emerging
strategies, standards and operational models. 

**RECOGNITION :** As a Leader Driving Grid Adoption As an independent
voice, OGF provides opportunities to influence and outreach to
end-users, partners, grid industry experts, media and analysts.
Organizations gain visibility for their brand, products and solutions;
signaling that you are an industry leader driving standards and
interoperability. 

**ACCESS :** to Grid Experts & Information OGF has a global community
of grid experts and practitioners developing specifications, best
practices and outreach material to promote grid adoption. Members gain
access to variety of important topics and into the collective thinking
of peers from a variety of industries and institutions who are
involved in similar projects and initiatives; accessing fresh ideas
from others who are addressing the real needs of technology users. 

Organizational members from both research and industry support
OGF with continuing technical and financial involvement. These financial
contributions comprise the vast majority of OGF's operating income and
allow OGF to continue its leadership role in the advancement of grid, cloud and related distributed computing 
technologies worldwide. 

**FEES:** 

**Individual Memberships** may be earned by attending a minimum of two OGF events per year, or by paying an annual membership fee of $200. Individual memberships are **not** required to attend or to participate in OGF meetings, but qualify the member for reduced rates at OGF all-hands stand-alone meetings and carry other membership benefits. 

**Organizational members** can join to receive the above benefits including all of the organizational advertising and visibility benefits listed above at the following rates:
  * Platinum $50,000 annual membership
  * Gold $25,000 annual membership
  * Silver $10,000 annual membership(*)

(*) Non-profit organizations that meet certain criteria can join at the Silver level for a $5,000 annual membership.

To learn more about becoming an Organizational Member of OGF, 
[[https://www.ogf.org/Members/OGF_Organizational_Application.pdf|Click Here, (Application Form)]]. To see our list of current Organizational Members, [[members:organizational_members|click here]].

To ask questions directly, [[:contact|contact us]]. 