



















  
  

  







<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<!-- Mirrored from forge.ogf.org/sf/wiki/do/viewPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki/ClosedActionItemsLog?selectedTab=versions by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 19 Oct 2022 20:06:11 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>
  <title>SourceForge : View Wiki Page: ClosedActionItemsLog</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../../../../css/styles_new.css" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../../../../../sf-images/icons/favicon.ico" />
  <script language="JavaScript" src="../../../../../js/sf_functions.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
  
  
  
  
</head>

  <body>


<!-- SourceForge masthead begin -->


<script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../../../sf-help/RoboHelp_CSH.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
                      var helpRoot = '/sf-help/en/index.htm>HelpWin';
    
    // show help for a topic
    function showTopicHelp(topicId) {
	// First, close the help menu
	closeMenu(activeButton);
	RH_ShowHelp(0, helpRoot, HH_HELP_CONTEXT, topicId);
    }

    // show help for a topic
    function showTopicHelpDirectly(topicId) {
	RH_ShowHelp(0, helpRoot, HH_HELP_CONTEXT, topicId);
    }

    // show the help table of contents
    function showHelpContents() {
	// First, close the help menu
	closeMenu(activeButton);
	RH_ShowHelp(0, helpRoot, HH_DISPLAY_TOC, 0);
    }

    // show the help index
    function showHelpIndex() {
	// First, close the help menu
	closeMenu(activeButton);
	RH_ShowHelp(0, helpRoot, HH_DISPLAY_INDEX, 0);
    }

    // show the help index (not from a menu)
    function showHelpIndexFromLink() {
	RH_ShowHelp(0, helpRoot, HH_DISPLAY_INDEX, 0);
    }
</script>

<div id="ProjectMenu" class="menu">
    <a class="menuItem" href="../../../../../sfmain/do/myProjectsd3a8.html?selectedTab=my">My Projects</a>
    <a class="menuItem" href="../../../../../sfmain/do/myProjectsa641.html?selectedTab=all">All Projects</a>
</div>

<div id="SearchMenu" class="menu">
  <a class="menuItem" href="../../../../../search/do/quickJump.html" onClick="window.open('../../../../../search/do/quickJump.html', 'quickjumpwindow', 'width=540,height=263'); closeMenu(activeButton); return false">Quick Jump</a>
  <a class="menuItem" id="search" href="../../../../../search/do/search.html">Search</a>
</div>

<div id="HelpMenu2" class="menu">
<a class="menuItem" href="../../projects.ggf-info/wiki/HomePage.html">GridForge  Help</a>

    <a class="menuItem" href="javascript:showTopicHelp(16)">Help for this Page</a>
<a class="menuItem" href="javascript:showHelpContents()">Help Contents</a>
<a class="menuItem" href="javascript:showHelpIndex()">Help Index</a>
<a class="menuItem" href="../../../../../../sf-help/en/doc/User_Guide.pdf">User Guide</a>
<div class="menuItemSep"></div>
<a class="menuItem" href="../../../../../global/do/about.html" onclick="javascript:closeMenu(activeButton); window.open('../../../../../global/do/about.html','sfpabout','height=450,width=600'); return false;">About SourceForge</a>
</div>

<table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" class="mastHeadBackground">
 <tr>
  <td>
   <table width="300" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" class="mastHeadLink">
     <tr class="mastHeadLinkSpacing">
       <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="middle"><a href="../../../../../sfmain/do/home.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/masthead/logo-custom.gif" border="0" align="absmiddle"><img src="../../../../../../ogf-it/gf_masthead.gif" border="0" align="absmiddle"></a></td>
                    <td nowrap="nowrap" class="mastHeadLink"><a href="../../../../../sfmain/do/home.html" target="_top">Home</a></td>
       <td nowrap="nowrap" class="mastHeadLinkSpacing"> </td>
                      <td nowrap="nowrap" class="mastHeadLink"><a href="../../../../../sfmain/do/listProjects.html" target="_top">Projects</a></td>
       <td nowrap="nowrap" class="mastHeadLinkSpacing"> </td>
               <td nowrap="nowrap" class="mastHeadLink"><a href="#" onclick="return buttonClick(this, 'SearchMenu');">Search<img src="../../../../../../sf-images/masthead/dropdown.gif" width="7" height="4" hspace="2" border="0"></a></td>
     
          
     
     </tr>
   </table>
  </td>
  <td align="right">
    <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="mastHeadLink">
      <tr class="mastHeadLink">
                              <form action="https://forge.ogf.org/sf/sfmain/do/login" method="POST" id="globalLogin" name="login">
<INPUT type="HIDDEN" name="sfsubmit">

              <input type="hidden" name="returnToUrl" value="http://localhost:8080/sf/wiki/do/viewPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki/ClosedActionItemsLog?selectedTab=versions"/>
              <td nowrap="nowrap">User</td>
              <td nowrap="nowrap"><input type="text" name="username" class="inputfield" size="8"/></td>
              <td nowrap="nowrap">Password</td>
              <td nowrap="nowrap"><input type="password" name="password" class="inputfield" size="8" onkeypress="javascript:submitLoginOnEnter(event)" /></td>
              <td nowrap="nowrap"><a href="javascript:submitForm(document.getElementById('globalLogin'), 'submit');">Log In</a></td>
            </form>
            <td nowrap="nowrap"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/masthead/vertical_line.gif" width="1" height="19" hspace="4"></td>
                    <td nowrap="nowrap"><a href="#" onclick="return buttonClick(this, 'HelpMenu2');">Help<img src="../../../../../../sf-images/masthead/dropdown.gif" width="7" height="4" hspace="2" border="0"></a></a></td>
              </tr>
    </table>
  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2" class="black"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/pixel.gif" width="1" height="1"></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- SourceForge masthead end -->

<!-- SourceForge buttonbar begin -->
<table class="TopMenu">
    <tr class="ButtonRow">
        <td class="VerticalSeparatorNoBorder"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                   <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../projects/ogsa-wg.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../projects/ogsa-wg.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-homeicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Project&nbsp;Home</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../tracker/do/listTrackers/projects.ogsa-wg/tracker.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../tracker/do/listTrackers/projects.ogsa-wg/tracker.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-trackericon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Tracker</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../docman/do/listDocuments/projects.ogsa-wg/docman.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../docman/do/listDocuments/projects.ogsa-wg/docman.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-documentsicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Documents</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../taskmgr/do/viewSummary/projects.ogsa-wg/taskmgr.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../taskmgr/do/viewSummary/projects.ogsa-wg/taskmgr.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-tasksicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Tasks</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../scm/do/listRepositories/projects.ogsa-wg/scm.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../scm/do/listRepositories/projects.ogsa-wg/scm.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-scmicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Source&nbsp;Code</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../discussion/do/listForums/projects.ogsa-wg/discussion.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../discussion/do/listForums/projects.ogsa-wg/discussion.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-forumsicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Discussions</a></td>
                 <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>

                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../frs/do/viewSummary/projects.ogsa-wg/frs.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../frs/do/viewSummary/projects.ogsa-wg/frs.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-releasesicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>File Releases</a></td>
                                    <td class="SelectedLeft"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/pixel.gif" border="0" height="1" width="4"></td>
           <td class="Button Selected" onclick="window.location = 'HomePage.html'; return false;"><a href="HomePage.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-wikiicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Wiki</a></td>
           <td class="SelectedRight"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/pixel.gif" border="0" height="1" width="4"/></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparatorNoBorder"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../sfmain/do/projectAdmin/projects-12.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../sfmain/do/projectAdmin/projects-12.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/project/project-projectadminicon.gif" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Project&nbsp;Admin</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../linkedapplication/do/viewLinkedApplication/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/lapp1046/wiki1576.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../linkedapplication/do/viewLinkedApplication/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/lapp1046/wiki1576.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../linkedapplication/do/downloadLinkedApplicationIcon/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/display.png_%3b%20size%3d1844" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Glance</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                             <td class="Button " onclick="window.location = '../../../../../linkedapplication/do/viewLinkedApplication/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/lapp1047/wiki1576.html'; return false;"><a href="../../../../../linkedapplication/do/viewLinkedApplication/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/lapp1047/wiki1576.html" target="_top"><img src="../../../../../linkedapplication/do/downloadLinkedApplicationIcon/projects.ogsa-wg/linkedApplication/clock.png_%3b%20size%3d1797" width="25" height="20" border="0"><br>Calendar</a></td>
                  <td class="VerticalSeparator"><img src="../../../../../../sf-images/misc/white.gif" border="0" height="40" width="1"></td>
                           <td class="ButtonEnd"></td>
             </tr>

  <tr class="ShadowRow">
        
                  <td colspan="14"></td>
            <td class="SelectedLeft"></td>
      <td class="Selected"></td>
      <td class="SelectedRight"></td>
              <td colspan="8"></td>
  </tr>
  </table>

<!-- SourceForge buttonbar end -->

<!-- SourceForge content-area begin -->
<div class="contentArea">

<!-- SourceForge crumbs begin -->
<div style="padding-bottom: 2px;">
    <span class="searchlink">
        <a href="../../../searchWikiPages/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki/ClosedActionItemsLog.html" id="searchWikiPagesLink">Search Wiki Pages</a>
      </span>
    <span class="mainnavHeader"><strong class="ProjectProminent">Project: OGSA-WG</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="../../../../../go/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki.html">Wiki</a>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="ClosedActionItemsLog.html">ClosedActionItemsLog</a>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;<strong>View Wiki Page</strong>
  </div>
<!-- SourceForge crumbs end -->

<!-- SourceForge messages begin -->







<div style="padding-bottom: 2px; padding-top: 6px;">



</div>
<!-- SourceForge messages end -->

<!-- SourceForge content begin -->
<div style="padding-top: 10px; width: auto;">
    <table class="ItemDetailContainer">
      <tr class="ContainerHeader">
        <td>
          





          wiki1576: ClosedActionItemsLog
          
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="ItemDetailContainerCell">
          <h2 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedActionItems'> Closed Action Items</h2>
<p>Following is the list of closed action items <b>as of 24 April 2007</b>. 
</p>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedApril23Minuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14411nav1'>Closed April 23 <a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14411?nav=1">Minutes</a></h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0314a: Andrew to take 1 or 2 pager that he and Hiro wrote a year ago and send it out to the group. 
<ul>
<li> It will be starting point for OGSA articles for places like ACM Communication or IEEE Computer.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0316c: Hiro to launch Zoomerang on the date and location for the Summer F2F
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0409a: Andreas will check the discussion at the last F2F and update the wiki for the EMS Information Services session.  (EMS session owner needs to be confirmed.)
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedApril16Minuteshttpforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14404nav1'>Closed April 16 <a class="external" target="wikiext" href="http://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14404?nav=1">Minutes</a></h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0402e: Chris J to add reference to SCRM wiki
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheApril12CallMinuteshttpforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14396nav1'>Closed on the April 12 call  <a class="external" target="wikiext" href="http://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14396?nav=1">Minutes</a></h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0314pm-b: Andrew will contact QoX stakeholders with a view to
               arranging a session at OGF20, probably as an ad-hoc
               BOF. 
<ul>
<li> Choose a specific topic in the SLA space (terms on
               response time, cost, availability, dependability) that
               can be applied to BES and <a class="editpage" title="Create 'ByteIO'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki17d6.html?pageName=ByteIO&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">ByteIO</a>.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-EffectivelyClosedOnTheApril12CallMinuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14399nav1'>(Effectively) Closed on the April 12 call  <a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14399?nav=1">Minutes</a></h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0305a: Jem will update the main glossary document and upload to Gridforge.
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheApril2ndCallslot1Minuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14372'>Closed on the April 2nd call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14372">slot 1 minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0314b: Chris Jordan to complete these changes and some of these updates on the HPC Profile and Usecase Documents.  Will send update version for review and further comment.
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheMarch26thCallslot1Minuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14351'>Closed on the March 26th call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14351">slot 1 minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0314c: Hiro to talk to Chris Smith about workflow
</li>
<li> AI-0314f: Chris K. to provide template for use case within a couple of days.
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheMarch14F2Fminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14322'>Closed on the March 14 F2F (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14322">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1109.pm-c: Andrew to produce a document drafting the definition
                    of QoS
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0817a: Dave Berry and Jay Unger will approach groups (GIN,
            Globus, etc) that have implemented practical grids and
            start a discussion on how they handle data:
<ul>
<li> how data is treated as a resource that can be scheduled
</li>
<li> how transfers are modeled
</li>
<li> how files are advertised
</li>
<li> how applications find files (query, by knowledge,?)
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheMarch1stCallminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc14272'>Closed on the March 1st  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14272">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0122c: Jem will check the usage of the term deployment in the OGSA Arch 1.5 document and propose whether to keep the term or delete it.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0122d: Jem will draft proposed text for the Provisioning/deployment terms. (Depending on outcome of AI-0122c)
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<ul>
<li> AI-0122e: Andreas will create tracker for the Container Modeling document <a class="editpage" title="Create 'Done'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki5fe4.html?pageName=Done&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">Done</a>
</li>
<li> AI-0122f: Hiro will post known issues to the tracker. <a class="editpage" title="Create 'Done'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki5fe4.html?pageName=Done&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">Done</a>
</li>
<li> AI-0122g: Ellen will ask for comments from specific people in the BES-WG (Andrew Grimshaw , Steven Newhouse, Chris Smith, etc.)
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li> AI-0122a: Hiro and Paul will do strawman of the joint
             OGSA/Reference Model document by OGF19
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0122b: Paul will update the agenda of the Reference model BOF
             session. (Hiro will send Paul a pointer on how to do this
             update.)
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0115a: Ellen will send out the link to a DMTF feedback
             template form.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0115b: Ellen will summarize the review of the DMTF documents and
             review the text at a future call.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-11.30a: Michel to talk with Tom and Ellen on how to go about
                documenting his current proof of concept in the Info
                model Arch doc.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI.11.09.pm-a: Ellen and Tom to write up a &quot;Information Model
                    profile document: BES Container&quot;
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI.11.09.pm-d: Andrew to contact the HPCP WG regarding future
                    involvement to create profile(s) on, e.g. BES, JSDL
                    etc.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-1009a: Review slide 6 again and clarify what the problem is
              (Reference Model Design Team)
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1009b: Review the Reference Model 'Manage Job' in more
              detail. 
<ul>
<li> Specifically look at it from the perspective of
              an enterprise application (e.g., a 3-tier app) (Reference
              Model Design Team)
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1009c: Hiro to ask Jay to provide his comments for Slide 6
<ul>
<li> Perspective of submitter vs platform provider and the
                hierarchical model connection
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1009d: Jem will produce a topic discussion list for the
              converged glossary
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1005a: Alan Sill willing to take responsibility for pushing
            the process for getting a charter ready
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-1005b: People to send Dave Snelling more information, ideas
            for more security calls to complete coverage
<ul>
<li> (Since this does not have any specific owners, it will
             be closed Oct. 19)
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0928a: Takuya will issue a final call on BSP-Core on the list.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925c: Hiro to ask Alan Clark to ask EGA TC member who want to
       contribute to join the OGSA list and this convergence work.  
<ul>
<li>  Members may have changed but organizations have not
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925g: Tom will send a note to the list (to: Ellen S and Fred M)
             on why the current separation of service/info model may
             not be quite right.
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921c: Dave S (as Standards VP) to talk to the next
            Security AD (when one is selected) about the Security Area
            task list.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0915a (A Savva, S McGough): Set up a telephone conference to
            collect workflow experience
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0915b: Ellen to check the status of the items on the
             DMTF work register: report which have been done, and what
             DMTF is doing for the rest.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0915c: Ellen to propose new text to update the DMTF register
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0915e: Hiro to talk with OGF Editor to start an errata process
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0914a (Andreas Savva): Integrate the simple Data scenario just
            presented into the scenarios document
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0913a: Andreas to update function names of BES.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913b: Andrew to write-up a couple of such JM functionalities
            (short paragraph for each, e.g. time constraint as JSDL
             extension.)
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913c: Andreas to add another scenario to use this “terminate”
             method of activity interface.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913e: Andreas to separate un-deployment as a separate scenario.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913f: Andreas to describe relation between ACS and CDDLM.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913g: Donal to provide his proposal.
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831e: (A Savva)     Talk to ACS working group for refining this scenario.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831f: (A Savvva)    Research RNS and probably update the EMS Arch Scenarios document
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0803e: Jun will provide an example of the CDL mechanism and why
            using ID/IDREF is not a good idea.
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0803f: Jun will update the CDL document to remove the Environment
            variables
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheOct.9thCallminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13942'>Closed on the Oct. 9th  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13942">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0928b: Takuya will get another opinion on TLS 1.1 and
            ciphersuites (probably ask Frank Siebenlist)
<ul>
<li> see next item
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0928c: Andreas will propose new text for the reference to the
            NIST document to make it clearer that it is an informative
            statement
<ul>
<li> Obsolete since we have agreed to provide normative text
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925b: Jem to pull definitions together and produce a new
             merged first draft.
<ul>
<li> Send a mail to the ogsa list about this work
</li>
<li> Set Oct. 9 as the target for the first Glossary draft
</li>
<li> Closed. Draft was posted to gridforge
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921b: Security members to discuss the <a class="editpage" title="Create 'BoF'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki811e.html?pageName=BoF&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">BoF</a> proposal(s) further
<ul>
<li> For example, one outcome could be some standards
              activity to mirror CAOPS activities and tie-in to OGSA
</li>
<li> Closed. Started writing charter.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921d: Dave S to collect additional material in order to identify
            security issues better.
<ul>
<li> (AI-0921e is an issue instance)
</li>
<li> closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0914f (H Kishimoto): Fix the location of the next F2F and inform
            the group vial the mailing list
<ul>
<li> closed
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheOct.5thCallminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13922nav1'>Closed on the Oct. 5th  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13922?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925a: Hiro to setup wiki page with names of people who have
        expressed interest in the security team
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921i: Dave S to provide an agenda for the next security call.
<ul>
<li> Draft agenda items:
<ul>
<li> What needs to be done to achieve simple interop
                generally and to bootstrap more
</li>
<li> Profile to get authentication information from a
                secure channel for authentication
</li>
<li> Profile for other methods to get authentication
                informatin for authorization
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li> closed
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheOct.2ndCall'>Closed on the Oct. 2nd  call </h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925d: Paul Strong to send EGA Glossary MS-Word file to Jem
           Treadwell
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925e: Hiro to talk with Andrew Grimshaw and Mark Morgan and
             bring back a concrete proposal for the HPC Profile use
             case as a convergence candidate.
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0925f: Hiro to talk with Ellen Stokes and add more items in DMTF
           register in the context of this convergence work
<ul>
<li> done: we will discuss on Oct. 16
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921a: Andreas to ask Greg to setup a tracker for change requests
            to the OGF template document.
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907b: Takuya will search for an external reliable source of strong (or deprecated) ciphers to reference.
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907c: Andreas will revise the explanatory text and send the new version to Takuya.
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907d: Takuya will update the documents and issue a final call on the list. (Probably during GGF18.)
<ul>
<li> closed: overidden by AI-0928a
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921a: Andreas to ask Greg to setup a tracker for change requests
            to the OGF template document.
<ul>
<li> Closed: Andreas sends an email to Greg on Sept. 28th.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921h: Hiro to allocate a slot to review security work progress
            at a future call. Perhaps Oct 5.
<ul>
<li> Closed: It is on telecon schedule.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheSept.25Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13903nav1'>Closed on the Sept. 25  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13903?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921e: Alan S to provide material on the issues relating to
            path validation.
<ul>
<li> Closed. Alan has sent information to the list
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921f: Dave S to ask Richard C to put the security topic
            on the agenda of the first Interoperability call and to
            also ask that the teleconference announcements be sent to
            the OGSA list
<ul>
<li> Closed. Already discussed on the Interop call.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0921g: Hiro to add Alan Sill to the OGSA-WG list
<ul>
<li> Closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0914b (D Snelling, D Merrill): Set up an OGSA Security design
            team
<ul>
<li> Closed. There was a call last week.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>    AI-0912a: Hiro to set up an initial group of people to start a
              discussion within OGSA. Identify what should be done.
<ul>
<li> Dave Snelling, Andrew Grimshaw, Tom Maguire
</li>
<li> Paul Strong, Alan Clark, Bob Thome
</li>
<li> Closed. Today's discussion.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheSept.21Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13879nav1'>Closed on the Sept. 21  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13879?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0913d: Andrew to propose clarification on this issue in BES
             specification.
<ul>
<li> Done at GGF18.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0914c (E Stokes): Send a mail to the BES mailing list requesting
            re-examination of the BES spec appendix regarding the
            Information Model relationship
<ul>
<li> See AI-0914d.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0914d (A Grimshaw): Propose new text for the said appendix;
            arrange telecon woth interested parties to mediate the
            conflicting interests
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Andrew has started working on new text for the
                Appendix. This AI belongs to the BES WG.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>   AI-0914e (A Grimshaw): Initiate and ramp up the interop fest
            activities
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Andrew has initiated this activity. Richard Ciapala
                (MS) has taken over this activity.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907a: Hiro to add Chris Jordan to the list of people attending the F2F at the IBM facility.
<ul>
<li> Obsolete; Closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907e: Hiro to send an email to Greg requesting that the 'obsoletes' information be added to the document template.
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Already added to template.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0907f: Hiro to add an agenda item for the F2F to discuss a revision of statement R0711.
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> The <a class="editpage" title="Create 'BaseFaults'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wikidce9.html?pageName=BaseFaults&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">BaseFaults</a> issues were discussed at the last F2F.
</li>
<li> The minutes of this session were uploaded after the
                agenda of this call. There are an additional 4 actions
                (2 on BF).
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831c: (A Savva)     Update/rewrite secction 4.1 of the EMS Architecture scenarios
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Put in EMS Scenarios tracker.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831d: (A Savva)     Add the Application Version in section 4.2, paragraph 4, of the EMS Arch Scenarios
<ul>
<li> Close
<ul>
<li> Put in EMS Scenarios tracker.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831g: (D Berry)     Revise the joint Data/EMS scenario and add sequence diagrams including implementation variations, i.e. <a class="editpage" title="Create 'ByteIO'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki17d6.html?pageName=ByteIO&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">ByteIO</a>, by GGF18 EMS Arch Scenarios document
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Andreas set up EMS Scenarios tracker. 
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831h: (M Morgan,  A Grimshaw)   Provide an outline sequence how BES, <a class="editpage" title="Create 'ByteIO'" href="../../../createPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki17d6.html?pageName=ByteIO&amp;referrerPageName=ClosedActionItemsLog">ByteIO</a>, RNS, etc.  are combined together at University of Virginia
<ul>
<li> Closed: Mark sent the document out before GGF18.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0828a: Frank will do more investigation into the idea of adding portType info to an EPR as metadata, and make a proposal.
<ul>
<li> Closed.
<ul>
<li> Initial discussion clarified that this action is
                 about annotating EPRs
</li>
<li> Frank has looked into it. The recently released
                 WS-Metadata Exchange specification shows (examples
                 of) how this annotation can be done. The approach
                 should be applicable here.
</li>
<li> Initially this issue was specifically about adding
                 porttype information but WS-MetadataExchange shows
                 how any kind of information may be embedded.
</li>
<li> (Dave S) There is non-normative text in the
                 WS-Addressing Core specification (sec. 2.2, under
                 endpoint Metadata extensibility) that refers to
                 examples on how to include wsldLocation
                 information. This is sufficient and there is no need
                 to use the WS-MetadataExchange spec.
</li>
<li> There were questions about the status of the
                 WS-MetadataExchange specification. It is not in a
                 standards body yet. It is covered by the recent MS
                 open licence announcement.
</li>
<li> Is this issue covered by the WSRF BP? Yes.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0810a: Donal to look into the relation of the EPS and CDL (retrieval, update, etc).  
            (Eventually this should probably become a separate scenario.)
<ul>
<li> Closed
<ul>
<li> Subsumed by AI-0913g
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> Steve McGough & Andreas to do a mapping from the current JSDL
  elements / terminology into the new information model structure
  (Proposed split into Description and Requirements)
  (from July 18th F2F, postpone until Aug. 17)
<ul>
<li> Done at the F2F. Closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<ul>
<li> AI-0831a: (A Savva)     Merge and publish minutes for the call on 10 August 2006
<ul>
<li> Done before GGF18
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831b: (H Kishimoto) Send CDDLM & CDL working copies to Andreas as they  are slightly different from the versions in this draft
<ul>
<li> Done before GGF18
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0817c: Andreas will talk with Hiro about getting a 1-2 hour slot
            on Thursday. It is important to know early next week---by
            the Monday (8/21) call.
<ul>
<li> Done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheSept.7Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13796nav1'>Closed on the Sept. 7  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13796?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831a: (A Savva)     Merge and publish minutes for the call on 10 August 2006
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0831b: (H Kishimoto) Send CDDLM & CDL working copies to Andreas as they  are slightly different from the versions in this draft
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0828b: Takuya will update the 8/11 Auth-Z proposal minutes to respond to Frank's request for clarification, and pass them to Andreas.
<ul>
<li> done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheAug.31Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13776nav1'>Closed on the Aug. 31  call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13776?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0828c: Hiro to check on the status of the documents that have been submitted to the GGF Editor.
<ul>
<li> Hiro asked Greg Newby abut the doc status but got no answer.
            Instead, Joel Replogle stated the docs are in the pipeline, and 
            will be published before GGF18
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0817b: Stephen Davey will do a cut down parameter sweep scenario
            focusing on the JSDL+BES+Data Transfer/Staging service
<ul>
<li> Closed.
            First draft sent to OGSA ML.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheAug.28Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13772nav1'>Closed on the Aug. 28 call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13772?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0821a: Hiro to talk to Jun and CDDLM group about EGA & CDDLM
    comparison proposal.  
<ul>
<li> This action has been completed; closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> AI-0821b: Hiro to talk to Jem about EGA & OGSA glossary comparison.
    This action is complete; Jem will do the comparison for GGF18.
<ul>
<li> Closed.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheAug.21Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13750nav1'>Closed on the Aug. 21 call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13750?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li> AI-0817c: Andreas will talk with Hiro about getting a 1-2 hour slot
             on Thursday. It is important to know early next week---by
             the Monday (8/21) call.
<ul>
<li> Done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr />
<h4 id='section-ClosedActionItemsLog-ClosedOnTheAug.17Callminuteshttpsforge.gridforum.orgsfgodoc13745nav1'>Closed on the Aug. 17 call (<a class="external" target="wikiext" href="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc13745?nav=1">minutes</a>)</h4>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0803a: Hiro to look into an option for a second EMS/Data call
            on Sep 7. Tentative; needs confirmation with likely
            participants.
<ul>
<li> Agreed to schedule this for Aug.31, preferably in the
              second part of the call. 
</li>
<li> Data will provide updates (if any) from their F2F at the
              end of August.
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0803c: Ellen to book the IBM facility on Thursday afternoon
<ul>
<li> Done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>  AI-0803d: Hiro to divide GGF18 B2B F2F survey into three periods:
            Thursday afternoon, Friday morning and afternoon.
<ul>
<li> Done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> Andreas and Hiro to revise the EMS scenario document (i.e. examples)
  so that proposal 2 is fulfilled (July 20 F2F)
<ul>
<li> Andreas will merge Hiro's updates into the next draft
</li>
<li> Done
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>

          
            
          







        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr class="ContainerFooter">
        <td>
          <div class="AlignRight">
            
            
            
            
              &nbsp;
            
          </div>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>

    <br/>

    

    

    <br/>
    
      <div class="AlignLeft">
        <div class="Button" id="_SfButton_showPageDetails"><div class="Left">&nbsp;</div><div class="Middle">
          <img src="../../../../../../sf-images/icons/plus_minus_closed.gif" style="vertical-align: middle;">
          <a href="ClosedActionItemsLog962a.html?showDetails=true">Show Details</a>
        </div><div class="Right">&nbsp;</div></div>

      </div>
    

    <div class="AlignRight">
      
      







    </div>
  </div>
<!-- SourceForge content end -->

</div>
<!-- SourceForge content-area end -->

<div id="PageLoaded" style="display: none;"></div>


<!-- forge.gridforum.org footer.html -->
<br> <hr>
<table width='100%'> 
 <tr>
  <td align='left'>   <a href='../../../../../../../www.ogf.org/index.html' target='_blank' style='border: 0 px;'><img src='../../../../../../ogf-it/opengridforum.gif' alt='The Open Grid Forum' style='border:0px white solid;'></a><td>
  <td align='center'> <a href='mailto:webmaster@ogf.org'>Contact Webmaster</a> 
                    | <a href="../../../../../tracker/do/createArtifact/projects.ggf-info/tracker.html">Report a problem</a>
                    | <a href="../../projects.ggf-info/wiki/HomePage.html">GridForge Help</a>
                    </td>
  <td align='right'>  
<!--		<img src='/ogf-it/powered_by_dell.gif' alt='Powered by Dell'> -->
<!-- Begin DigiCert/ClickID site seal HTML and JavaScript -->
<div id="DigiCertClickID_sxSDRU4L">
  <a href="http://www.digicert.com/">SSL Certificates</a>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript">
var __dcid = __dcid || [];__dcid.push(["DigiCertClickID_sxSDRU4L", "10", "m", "black", "sxSDRU4L"]);(function(){var cid=document.createElement("script");cid.type="text/javascript";cid.async=true;cid.src=("https:" === document.location.protocol ? "https://" : "http://")+"seal.digicert.com/seals/cascade/seal.min.js";var s = document.getElementsByTagName("script");var ls = s[(s.length - 1)];ls.parentNode.insertBefore(cid, ls.nextSibling);}());
</script>
<!-- End DigiCert/ClickID site seal HTML and JavaScript -->
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
<!-- google analytics code -->
<script type="text/javascript">
var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www.");
document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
</script>
<script type="text/javascript">
try {
var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-6775861-2");
pageTracker._trackPageview();
} catch(err) {}</script>

</body>

<!-- Mirrored from forge.ogf.org/sf/wiki/do/viewPage/projects.ogsa-wg/wiki/ClosedActionItemsLog?selectedTab=versions by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 19 Oct 2022 20:06:11 GMT -->
</html>
