<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002692.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 20 Oct 2022 22:46:38 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [ogsa-wg] Information service minutes draft from June 7 call
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Information%20service%20minutes%20draft%20from%20June%207%20call&In-Reply-To=">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002691.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002693.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[ogsa-wg] Information service minutes draft from June 7 call</H1>
    <B>Hiro Kishimoto</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Information%20service%20minutes%20draft%20from%20June%207%20call&In-Reply-To="
       TITLE="[ogsa-wg] Information service minutes draft from June 7 call">hiro.kishimoto at jp.fujitsu.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Jun  9 20:03:07 CDT 2007</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002691.html">[ogsa-wg] Minutes for Session 1
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002693.html">[ogsa-wg] OGSA Information Services Design Team co-lead
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2692">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2692">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2692">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2692">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>OGSA Teleconference - 7 June 2007 - Information Services
========================================================

* Attendees:
	- ZackK
	- Ellen Stokes (IBM)
	- Donal Fellows (UoM)
	- Sergio Andreozzi (INFN)
	- Chris Kantarjiev (Oracle)
	- David Snelling (Fujitsu)
	- Laurence Field (CERN)
	- Hiro Kishimoto (Fujitsu)
         - Adrian Toth (Univ of Miskolc)

	Minutes: Hiro Kishimoto

* Summary of New Actions

        - AI-0607c: Laurence will write up (a) small chart of what
          this design team will do (plan or schedule) and, (b)
          generic information services architecture in a simple chart.

* Agenda Bashing

	- No Change

* House keeping:

	- Minutes approval: OK
           o OGF19 EMS
           o March F2F EMS
           o Apr. 12
           o OGF20 Info svc
           o F2F info svc

         - Action Item
           o AI-0511a: Ferenc Szalai to confirm NorduGrid/KnowARC
             participation and potential co-leader of IS design team.
             Adrian Toth volunteers to serve as co-leader: closed

* Aims and Objectives
        - Laurence: What are we trying to achieve?
        - Hiro: Architecture design and interface specification.
        - Ellen: OGSA Arch v1.5 (GFD.80) explains current understanding
                 of what is information services for OGSA. It can be
                 starting line.

        - Laurence: What are the boundaries and constraints? Are we
                    working group or design team?
        - Hiro: It is now a design team under OGSA-WG. Let's carry on
                technical work as a design team for a while. In parallel
                you can write up proposed charter document for formal WG
                formation. OGF21 can be target date to have charter BoF
                if we can have enough progress.
        - No objection against working as a design team.

* Fundamentals
        - Laurence: What is a general architecture? It should be
                    scalable. I propose to use GMA.
        - Chris: We should learn from R-GMA.
        - Agreed to learn from multiple existing works. Looking at
          exiting systems and bring them together.
        - Hiro: Is info-GIN work useful? They taught us at OGF19.
        - Laurence: Yes it is. I was and am involved in info-GIN work.

        - Laurence: What are the building blocks and critical interfaces?
        - Query interface
        - How about data model? If you have same model, it is very easy
          to inter-operate.
        - We can leverage SRM approach. We keep only basic interface
          defined.
        - What sort of queries people makes?
        - It is schema issue.
        - There are different kind of queries.
        - We have many many services.
        - We should query multiple services.

        - Use cases should be specified to justify key services.
        - Gin-INFO work already identify multiple usecases already.

        - Agreed to specify Query interface.
        - Hiro: In addition to query interface, do we need push or
                notification type interface?
        - Yes.

        - Agreed to study info-d, OGSA doc v1.5 , and R-GMA,
          existing implementations as an first step.
        - We may have more capabilities to define grid interface.

* Next call (June 28)
        - AI-0607c: Laurence will write up (a) small chart of what
          this design team will do (plan or schedule) and, (b)
          generic information services architecture in a simple chart.




</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002691.html">[ogsa-wg] Minutes for Session 1
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002693.html">[ogsa-wg] OGSA Information Services Design Team co-lead
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2692">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2692">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2692">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2692">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">More information about the ogsa-wg
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002692.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 20 Oct 2022 22:46:38 GMT -->
</html>
