<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002691.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 29 Sep 2022 22:41:59 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [ogsa-wg] Minutes for Session 1
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Minutes%20for%20Session%201&In-Reply-To=">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002690.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002692.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[ogsa-wg] Minutes for Session 1</H1>
    <B>David Snelling</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Minutes%20for%20Session%201&In-Reply-To="
       TITLE="[ogsa-wg] Minutes for Session 1">David.Snelling at uk.fujitsu.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jun  7 10:25:29 CDT 2007</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002690.html">[ogsa-wg] [Updated Invitation] Information Service (Laurence Field	and Adrian Toth) @ 2007-06-07 9am - 10am ()
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002692.html">[ogsa-wg] Information service minutes draft from June 7 call
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2691">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2691">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2691">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2691">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Folks,

Minutes from Session 1: June 7, 2007

Attendees:

	- ZackK
	- Ellen Stokes
	- Doug Haigh,SAS
	- Donal Fellows (UoM)
	- Sergio Andreozzi
	- Steve McGough
	- Chris Kantarjiev
	- Chris Smith
	- David Snelling
	- Laurence Field
	- Andreas Savva
	- Hiro Kishimoto

Agenda Bashing

	- No Change

House keeping:

	- Minutes approval from May 24: OK

OGF/DMTF Work Register

	- See WR:  <A HREF="http://www.ogf.org/documents/liaison/OGF-">http://www.ogf.org/documents/liaison/OGF-</A> 
DMTFWorkReg20061106.pdf
	- See Slides: <A HREF="https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14581">https://forge.gridforum.org/sf/go/doc14581</A>
	- WR presented to the GFSG Standards Council call.
	- They decided to discuss them with both the OGSA WG and the whole  
of the GFSG.
	- Take a positive approach with respect to the WR.
	- Some tasks undertaken in Q1 2007, see slide 3
	- There is a partial challenge that we face as a result of  
communication difficulties inside DMTF.
	- May also suffer from the Volunteer Army problem, like OGF.
	- DMTF have only weak processes for dealing with external comments
	- E. Stokes needed to push inside DMTF to get comments into the  
right place.
	- Schema submission to CIM are in process, but still requires  
proactive external involvement.
	- The ballot process is very slow.
	- CIM releases three times a year, and we would like a late summer  
data for all OGF contributions.
  	- E. Stokes has been promoting the submission in the DMTF and OGF.
	- Recommendations:
		- Improve the alliance partner process improved.
		- Proposal to delegate control of branches of the CIM model to  
partners.
		- This would require some further developments required in DMTF,  
e.g. access to validators.

	- Questions etc.
		- Hiro: How have you done this in the past, e.g. JCIM? Some else  
covered this time period.
			It did become part of the model. There was more support from  
inside the DMTF for this work.
		- Donnal: The approach seems like a good approach.
		- Ellen: The aim is to maintain DMTF's position as the port of call  
for all models.
		- Ellen: The working groups are likely to push back, but the higher  
levels of the organization will be supportive.
		- Dave: Is this the set of slides that we are planning to use? Yes.
		- Donnal: A bit too much text, but are probably of for a phone  
based call.
		- Dave: Use a DMTF slide template.

Use cases: SAS Use Case:

	- See:
<A HREF="http://forge.ogf.org/sf/sfmain/do/downloadAttachment/projects.glue-wg/">http://forge.ogf.org/sf/sfmain/do/downloadAttachment/projects.glue-wg/</A> 
wiki/UseCases?id=atch4434
	- The use case focusing of the data model and not on the submission/ 
management side.
	- Aim to test the GLUE Schema.
	- Need for boolean capability resources. Needed for matchmaking.
	- Need a status testing ability, but this may be provided by BES  
requirements.
	- Need to find out what host a job is running on.
	- The GLUE schema currently does not plan to provide the dynamic  
details of the final worker nodes.
	- This might be a disconnect in requirements, but the level of  
detail needed seems low.
	- The question may just be the need to clarify what level of the  
Grid is being exposed.
	- The schema itself is adequately populated and the use of it may be  
sufficient to deal with these differences.
	- Can GLUE be used to expose this much detail? Yes, roughly. Could  
be addressed to exposure profiles.
	- In the cluster use case there are plans to expose the details of  
the work nodes (including dynamic information).
	- The interface for obtaining this information should be available  
from the &quot;head&quot; node, even though the information comes from the  
worker nodes.
	- The level of detail is a policy decision, and GLUE does not  
restrict/mandate it use.
	- Recommendation that examples where only abstract summaries are  
required.
	- GLUE does not, however, define this policy language.
	- Profiles, in addition to the schema itself, should be use to  
refine required elements.
		- VO Profile has only high level information
		- Cluster Profile has lots of details about individual nodes.
	- It may be possible to use the attributes in the Execution  
Environment.

	- Action Doug or Chris: Look at the use cases template and consider  
mapping the SAS use cases to this template. Can be added to the wiki  
or mailed to the group.
	- Action Doug: Test if attributes on the Execution Environment can  
address the need for boolean capabilities.

	- The schema is available for the wiki page.

	- Next Meeting in GLUE WG schedule. Please cross post to OGDS list.

-- 

Take care:

     Dr. David Snelling &lt; David . Snelling . UK . Fujitsu . com &gt;
     Fujitsu Laboratories of Europe Limited
     Hayes Park Central
     Hayes End Road
     Hayes, Middlesex  UB4 8FE
     Reg. No. 4153469

     +44-208-606-4649 (Office)
     +44-7768-807526  (Mobile)



</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002690.html">[ogsa-wg] [Updated Invitation] Information Service (Laurence Field	and Adrian Toth) @ 2007-06-07 9am - 10am ()
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002692.html">[ogsa-wg] Information service minutes draft from June 7 call
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2691">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2691">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2691">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2691">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">More information about the ogsa-wg
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002691.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 29 Sep 2022 22:41:59 GMT -->
</html>
