<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002732.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 20 Oct 2022 22:46:38 GMT -->
<HEAD>
   <TITLE> [ogsa-wg] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ call
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Notes%20from%20Joint%20OGSA%20WG%20AuthN/AuthZ%20call&In-Reply-To=3DD8553B-3E5A-49DC-90DE-E6AD002F263D%40ttu.edu">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002731.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002733.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[ogsa-wg] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ call</H1>
    <B>David Chadwick</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:ogsa-wg%40ogf.org?Subject=%5Bogsa-wg%5D%20Notes%20from%20Joint%20OGSA%20WG%20AuthN/AuthZ%20call&In-Reply-To=3DD8553B-3E5A-49DC-90DE-E6AD002F263D%40ttu.edu"
       TITLE="[ogsa-wg] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ call">d.w.chadwick at kent.ac.uk
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jun 21 11:21:06 CDT 2007</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002731.html">[ogsa-wg] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ call
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002733.html">[ogsa-wg] [ogsa-authn-bof] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ	call
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2732">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2732">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2732">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2732">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Thanks Alan

this is a very good set of minutes

David


Alan Sill wrote:
&gt;<i> OGSA AuthN/AuthZ joint call
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Chris
</I>&gt;<i> David
</I>&gt;<i> Mark Morgan
</I>&gt;<i> Andrew Grimshaw
</I>&gt;<i> FrankSiebenlist
</I>&gt;<i> Jack
</I>&gt;<i> Hiro Kishimoto
</I>&gt;<i> Alan Sill
</I>&gt;<i> Andreas Savva
</I>&gt;<i> Stephen
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Agenda items:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> OGSA-AuthZ update (David Chadwick)
</I>&gt;<i> OGSA-AuthN update (Alan Sill)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> David summarized the current state of the OGSA-AuthZ work.  No  
</I>&gt;<i> progress or changes have taken place since OGF-20 on the document set  
</I>&gt;<i> from the AuthZ work groupl
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Jargon for below:
</I>&gt;<i> PDP = policy decision point
</I>&gt;<i> PEP = policy enforcement point
</I>&gt;<i> PIP = policy information point
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> GFD-66 and 67 (65?) status
</I>&gt;<i> GFD-66 was intended to describe the relation between PDPs and PEPs
</I>&gt;<i> Previous version of GFD-66 based on SAML 1.1 was implemented by  
</I>&gt;<i> several groups and found to be insufficient.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> An architecture document was written by David and others to propose 3  
</I>&gt;<i> protocols: one for pull of credentials from an IdP or AA according to  
</I>&gt;<i> any of several protocols profiled by OASIS and others, an XACML  
</I>&gt;<i> protocol, and a credential validation service profile defined  
</I>&gt;<i> according to WS-trust.  Alan requested that David get a document  
</I>&gt;<i> number for this architecture document and David agreed to move this  
</I>&gt;<i> along the path to formalization.  It would be good to publish this as  
</I>&gt;<i> an informational document, with the 3 protocols pulled into separate  
</I>&gt;<i> documents.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frank said that progress at Argonne on this has been slowed by work  
</I>&gt;<i> being done for GT4.2 - all security programmers have been pulled onto  
</I>&gt;<i> that work and have not had sufficient time available for standards work.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> GFD-66 had value but does not extend to sufficiently realistic  
</I>&gt;<i> complex real-world use case requirements, for example validating  
</I>&gt;<i> signed credentials, interactions with PIPs, etc.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> For requirements gathering, David put up a wiki but got very few  
</I>&gt;<i> submissions.  Stephen points out that people see a need for security  
</I>&gt;<i> but do not see the relevance of the work done here, and socialization  
</I>&gt;<i> of the work being done here is not sufficiently seen as connected to  
</I>&gt;<i> real-world needs.  Alan agreed that this is an important component of  
</I>&gt;<i> the work and is exactly what Duane, mark and Andrew have been trying  
</I>&gt;<i> to do in the requirements-gathering work they have been doing for the  
</I>&gt;<i> short-term AuthN documentation work they have been done.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frank did not understand the disconnect, as the XACML work for  
</I>&gt;<i> example has been driven by strong communication between developers  
</I>&gt;<i> and community segments that have requested this work.  Andrew says  
</I>&gt;<i> that the exercise of writing a use-case document has proven itself  
</I>&gt;<i> even in circumstances in which the use cases are thought to be well- 
</I>&gt;<i> known.  Stephen and Alan felt this to be true even though writing  
</I>&gt;<i> such documents can be a chore.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> People are often stuck on simple cases when the community doing work  
</I>&gt;<i> on standards is often focused on more advanced use cases.    Andrew  
</I>&gt;<i> pointed out that documenting even the simple use cases is of value  
</I>&gt;<i> and must be written down to get rid of this barrier for users; some  
</I>&gt;<i> of the work being done for the HPC profile was driven by this need.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Last week David sent out a document written from the point of view of  
</I>&gt;<i> Authorization meant to match some of the current &quot;simple AuthN&quot;  
</I>&gt;<i> work.  Mark more or less simultaneously requested such a document.     
</I>&gt;<i> Discussion followed as to whether AuthZ can be folded into the  
</I>&gt;<i> current security profile &quot;express&quot; documentation work being done, or  
</I>&gt;<i> instead whether another document to address &quot;express authZ&quot; should be  
</I>&gt;<i> written.  Andrew prefers simple short documents over grand scheme  
</I>&gt;<i> documents at this stage.  Another document in this series entitled  
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;OGSA Security Profile 2.0 - Authorization&quot; would be helpful.  David  
</I>&gt;<i> agreed to look at this and will go through the current set from this  
</I>&gt;<i> perspective.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Moving on to authentication topics Alan is ready now to restart work  
</I>&gt;<i> on the OGSA-AuthN topics.  Motivations here include examining the  
</I>&gt;<i> technical requirements of implementations and ensuring that the  
</I>&gt;<i> documentation and standards set offered by OGSA is sufficiently  
</I>&gt;<i> flexible and well-specified to allow interoperable implementations  
</I>&gt;<i> based on different technologies.  As an example, Alan asks why Ws- 
</I>&gt;<i> Security is so SOAP-oriented, when grid implementations can be  
</I>&gt;<i> written based on the same WSDL and XML that could provide code using  
</I>&gt;<i> different RPC methods?  Other motivations include ensuring that  
</I>&gt;<i> Shibboleth grid integration can be done on a well-defined standards  
</I>&gt;<i> basis within OGSA, and while this is largely an AuthZ question, we  
</I>&gt;<i> need to make sure that the OGSA-AuthN pieces and basis for this work  
</I>&gt;<i> are sufficiently documented, understood and specified.  A  
</I>&gt;<i> documentation call series will be started sometime in July to get  
</I>&gt;<i> this work going.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Simultaneously, work should be continued to complete the &quot;express  
</I>&gt;<i> profile&quot; documentation series.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Hiro asked about the timing of the next joint call.  David has Sep.  
</I>&gt;<i> 13 down as the next joint call.  Hiro offered time at the Sunnyvale  
</I>&gt;<i> F2F Aug. 13-16.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Alan Sill, Ph.D
</I>&gt;<i> TIGRE Senior Scientist, High Performance Computing Center
</I>&gt;<i> Adjunct Professor of Physics
</I>&gt;<i> TTU
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ====================================================================
</I>&gt;<i> :  Alan Sill, Texas Tech University  Office: Admin 233, MS 4-1167  :
</I>&gt;<i> :  e-mail: <A HREF="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">Alan.Sill at ttu.edu</A>   ph. 806-742-4350  fax 806-742-4358  :
</I>&gt;<i> ====================================================================
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i>   ogsa-wg mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>   <A HREF="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">ogsa-wg at ogf.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>   <A HREF="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>
-- 

*****************************************************************
David W. Chadwick, BSc PhD
Professor of Information Systems Security
The Computing Laboratory, University of Kent, Canterbury, CT2 7NF
Skype Name: davidwchadwick
Tel: +44 1227 82 3221
Fax +44 1227 762 811
Mobile: +44 77 96 44 7184
Email: <A HREF="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">D.W.Chadwick at kent.ac.uk</A>
Home Page: <A HREF="http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/people/staff/dwc8/index.html">http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/people/staff/dwc8/index.html</A>
Research Web site: <A HREF="http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/research/groups/iss/index.html">http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/research/groups/iss/index.html</A>
Entrust key validation string: MLJ9-DU5T-HV8J
PGP Key ID is 0xBC238DE5

*****************************************************************
</PRE>



<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002731.html">[ogsa-wg] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ call
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002733.html">[ogsa-wg] [ogsa-authn-bof] Notes from Joint OGSA WG AuthN/AuthZ	call
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/date.html#2732">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/thread.html#2732">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/subject.html#2732">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="https://www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/author.html#2732">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://www.ogf.org/mailman/listinfo/ogsa-wg">More information about the ogsa-wg
mailing list</a><br>
</body>
<!-- Mirrored from www.ogf.org/pipermail/ogsa-wg/2007-June/002732.html by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Thu, 20 Oct 2022 22:46:38 GMT -->
</html>
